######################################
# National Hockey League (NHL) Teams

njdevils,     New Jersey Devils,   East/Atlantic, NJD, us, city:newark
nyislanders,  New York Islanders,  East/Atlantic, NYI, us, city:newyork
nyrangers,    New York Rangers,    East/Atlantic, NYR, us, city:newyork
phiflyers,    Philadelphia Flyers, East/Atlantic, PHI, us, city:philadelphia
pitpenguins,  Pittsburgh Penguins, East/Atlantic, PIT, us, city:pittsburgh

bosbruis,   Boston Bruis,        East/Northeast, BOS, us, city:boston
bufabres,  Buffalo Sabres,      East/Northeast, BUF, us, city:buffalo
montreal, Montreal Canadiens,  East/Northeast, MTL, ca, city:montreal
ottawa,   Ottawa Senators,     East/Northeast, OTT, ca, city:ottawa
toronto,  Toronto Maple Leafs, East/Northeast, TOR, ca, city:toronto

carhurricanes, Carolina Hurricanes,   East/Southeast, CAR, us, city:raleigh
florida,   Florida Panthers,     East/Southeast, FLA, us, city:miami
tblightning,  Tampa Bay Lightning,  East/Southeast, TBL, us, city:tampa
wshcapitals, Washington Capitals, East/Southeast, WSH, us, city:washington
winnipeg,   Winnipeg Jets,       East/Southeast, WPG, ca, city:winnipeg

chiblackhawks,   Chicago Blackhawks,    West/Central, CHI, us, city:chicago
columbus,  Columbus Blue Jackets, West/Central, CLB, us, city:columbus
detredwings,   Detroit Red Wings,     West/Central, DET, us, city:detroit
nshpredators,  Nashville Predators,  West/Central, NSH, us, city:nashville
stlblues,    St. Louis Blues,      West/Central, STL, us, city:stlouis

calgary,     Calgary Flames,     West/Northwest, CGY, ca, city:calgary
colavalanche,    Colorado Avalanche, West/Northwest, COL, us, city:denver
edmonton,    Edmonton Oilers,    West/Northwest, EDM, ca, city:edmonton
minwild,   Minnesota Wild,     West/Northwest, MIN, us, city:stpaul
vancouver,    Vancouver Canucks, West/Northwest, VAN, ca, city:vancouver

anaheim,        Anaheim Ducks,     West/Pacific, ANA,  us,  city:anaheim
dalstars,       Dallas Stars,      West/Pacific, DAL,  us, city:dallas
loskings,       Los Angeles Kings, West/Pacific, LOS,  us, city:losangeles
phxcoyotes,      Phoenix Coyotes,   West/Pacific, PHX,  us, city:phoenix
sjsharks,      San Jose Sharks,   West/Pacific, SHS,  us, city:sanjose
